Update microsoft-defender-endpoint-android.md (#11229)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/microsoft-defender-endpoint-android.md

- Mobile phones and tablets running Android 8.0 and above. **Mobile phones running Android go and other mobile devices running Android are not currently supported.**
- Intune Company Portal app is downloaded from [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.microsoft.windowsintune.companyportal) and installed. Device enrollment is required for Intune device compliance policies to be enforced.

 > [!NOTE]

> >
> > - Microsoft Defender for Endpoint on Android isn't supported on user-less or shared devices.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > Microsoft Defender for Endpoint on Android isn't supported on userless or shared devices.
```
